welcome back so we've got our pumpkin
here and we're gonna mist him with some
Wilton color mist which works out really
good and then we're gonna create a
little jack-o'-lantern face for him and
then we'll get our cat and put them on
top now these color mists are kind of
like a mini airbrush system which is
really awesome
but they only have one nozzle strength
so if you want to take a paper towel
first and just practice and see you know
what result you get the closer you are
the darker it is the farther away you
are the lighter it's going to be but
also the closer you are the the more the
the thicker or the smaller the stripe
there we go the farther away you are the
just more broadcast it will be so you
want to make sure that you practice that
first then we're gonna cover our surface
here and we're just gonna start spraying
you know get close up sometimes get
farther away other times and just make
sure we get different stuff going on
here and give him a little more
realistic look okay there we go so I
really like how that turned out maybe
one or two more sprays there we go
and if you ever get a spot that is maybe
a little bit too much right before it
dries you can always take a paper towel
or a paintbrush or something and just
rub it a little bit and that will help
even out the color and just make it look
really good also helps it to dry faster
too so we'll just brush him a little bit
there we go okay so we've got our nice
little dusted colored guy here we'll
remove all these paper towels and we're
gonna make a little jack-o'-lantern face
you can take you know an exacto knife
and cut out any kind of a face pattern
you want to that would work out just
fine or I bought a while ago I think it
was last year actually Wilton has this
really fun stackable cookie cutter
jack-o'-lantern set so there's a large
cookie cutter that cuts out the jack the
pumpkin shape and then it's got these
smaller pieces that cut out the smile
and the eyes and things like that so it
works perfectly for this project because
this is the exact size that I need to
put on a little face and stuff like that
with so worked out perfectly in my favor
to have that so we've got our black
fondant here and the same thing with our
black buttercream icing I did the same
thing with my black fondant I made it
out of marshmallow fondant
that I turned a dark chocolate brown
first and then I put a little bit of my
black coloring in it and I didn't have
to use that much and it turned out
really good and it smells incredible and
it tastes good too so I really like
using that method okay so we're going to
cut out our little eyes we've got two
little eyes here to cut out and then
we'll have his smile to cut out and this
is going to work out perfectly if you
did it with an exacto knife you can
either do it freehand or you can print
off a pattern which I highly recommend
and then cut out the pattern and then
put it on top of your fondant and use
your exacto knife to cut that out
one thing you want to be careful of
especially with those exacto knives
these blue mats you can cut through them
very easily with those knives the cookie
cutters thank goodness are not sharp
enough to cut through but those exacto
knives are and also these little cutters
here are very sharp and are sharp enough
to cut through your blue mat so just be
careful cuz you paid a lot of money for
it so yeah be careful with that okay
then we've got to cut out his nose and
there is not a nose shape so I'm just
going to cut out a triangle nose shape
myself and I'm using my little tapered
spatula here because that will give me a
nice straight edge a lot of times I
don't like to trust myself freehand with
my little cutters here because I'm just
not that good all the time but if I had
a pattern to follow I would do it that
way
okay and this guy has a little rounded
nose on his rounded parts on his eyes so
I'm just gonna round off the nose here
to kind of match the roundness of the
eyes okay so we've got that now there's
different ways that you can adhere this
you can adhere it with you know melted
chocolate my favorite method you can do
it with vanilla and one technique that
I'm going to show you right now is you
can actually get these just a little bit
greasy
with some shortening and because I'm not
exactly sure how I want this just yet
the shortening will not make it stick
permanently and so I can put these on
and just adjust it see how I like it you
know is that really the right spot or
his eyes too far apart things like that
and so I like doing this some times so
that I can make sure that I've got
everything in the right spot and
especially because I'm doing this upside
down and in front of me so that you guys
can see what I'm doing I really do want
to use this method so I know I can turn
it around and make sure I've got it all
in the right spots okay and then we're
going to get our smile and so once you
have it all on the right spot you can go
back with your vanilla or your melted
chocolate or something like that and
adhere these in a more permanent fashion
Wow I'm pretty good upside down and in
front of me let's look at this guy here
okay I do like how it turned out okay so
I think I've got them in the right spot
and so now what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go get our little black cat we'll
put them on top and then I'll show you
some extra little techniques of things
to do with the bottom of this guy if you
wanted to do something to cover up
everything on the bottom and we'll see
you in a minute